Write a program that computes summation of 1 to n numbers where  n can be any positive number. Declare and initialize variables and print the output as
		Value of n is : 5 
		Sum of first  5 positive numbers  : 15 

Write a program that averages the synsets created for three months April, May and June. Declare and initialize variable to the synset entered for each month. Compute the average and write out the results, something like this:
		Synsets Entered for April: 12 
		Synsets Entered for May : 14 
		Synsets Entered for June: 8 
		Average Synset Entered: 11.333333 
Level 1
1.
Length and breadth of a rectangle are 5 and 7 respectively. Write a program to calculate the area and perimeter of the rectangle.
2.
Write a program to calculate the perimeter of a triangle having sides of length 2,3 and 5 units.
3.
Write a program to add 8 to the number 2345 and then divide it by 3. Now, the modulus of the quotient is taken with 5 and then multiply the resultant value by 5. Display the final result.
4.
Now, solve the above question using assignment operators (eg. +=, -=, *=).
5.
Write a program to check if the two numbers 23 and 45 are equal.
6.
Write a program to print the power of 7 raised to 5.
7.
Assign values of variables 'a' and 'b' as 55 and 70 respectively and then check if both the conditions 'a < 50' and 'a < b' are true.
8.
Now solve the above question to check if atleast one of the conditions 'a < 50' or 'a < b' is true.
9.
If the marks of Robert in three subjects are 78,45 and 62 respectively (each out of 100 ), write a program to calculate his total marks and percentage marks.
10.
Suppose the values of variables 'a' and 'b' are 6 and 8 respecrtively, write two programs to swap the values of the two variables.
	i - first program by using a third variable
	ii - second program without using any third variable
	( Swapping means interchanging the values of the two variables E.g.- If entered value of x is 5 and y is 10 then after swapping the value of x and y should become 10 and 5 respectively.)
11.
Write a program to convert Fahrenheit into Celsius.
12.
The total number of students in a class are 90 out of which 45 are boys. If 50% of the total students secured grade 'A' out of which 20 are boys, then write a program to calculate the total number of girls getting grade 'A'.
13.
Write a program to calculate the sum of the first and the second last digit of a 5 digit.
E.g.- NUMBER : 12345        OUTPUT : 1+4=5
14.
Take a 4 digit number. Write a program to display a number whose digits are 2 greater than the corresponding digits of the number TAKEN.
For example, if the number which was taken is 5696, then the displayed number should be 7818.
15.
Write a program to calculate the sum of the digits of a 3-digit number.
Number : 132        Output : 6
16.
Write a program to reverse a 3-digit number. E.g.-Number : 132        Output : 231


class activities
1. Create a class named 'Member' having the following members:
Data members
1 - Name
2 - Age
3 - Phone number
4 - Address
5 - Salary
It also has a method named 'printSalary' which prints the salary of the members.
Two classes 'Employee' and 'Manager' inherits the 'Member' class. The 'Employee' and 'Manager' classes have data members 'specialization' and 'department' respectively. Now, assign name, age, phone number, address and salary to an employee and a manager by making an object of both of these classes and print the same.

2. Create a class named 'Rectangle' with two data members 'length' and 'breadth' and two methods to print the area and perimeter of the rectangle respectively. Its constructor having parameters for length and breadth is used to initialize length and breadth of the rectangle. Let class 'Square' inherit the 'Rectangle' class with its constructor having a parameter for its side (suppose s) calling the constructor of its parent class as 'super(s,s)'. Print the area and perimeter of a rectangle and a square.
3.
Now repeat the above example to print the area of 10 squares.
Hint-Use array of objects

4. Create a class named 'Shape' with a method to print "This is This is shape". Then create two other classes named 'Rectangle', 'Circle' inheriting the Shape class, both having a method to print "This is rectangular shape" and "This is circular shape" respectively. Create a subclass 'Square' of 'Rectangle' having a method to print "Square is a rectangle". Now call the method of 'Shape' and 'Rectangle' class by the object of 'Square' class.



